Added: alt attribute to few images (#20041)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/canvas_api/tutorial/transformations/index.md

- {{domxref("CanvasRenderingContext2D.translate", "translate(x, y)")}}
  - : Moves the canvas and its origin on the grid. `x` indicates the horizontal distance to move, and `y` indicates how far to move the grid vertically.

> ![A canvas grid with center at top left corner. The canvas and it's origin are moved on the grid by 'x' units horizontally and 'y' units vertically.](canvas_grid_translate.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![The canvas is pushed down and to the right, or translated, from it's origin point on the grid by 'x' units horizontally and 'y' units vertically.](canvas_grid_translate.png)
```

- {{domxref("CanvasRenderingContext2D.rotate", "rotate(angle)")}}
  - : Rotates the canvas clockwise around the current origin by the `angle` number of radians.

> ![Canvas grid with center at top left corner: The grid is rotated around the origin in clock-wise direction by alpha radians.](canvas_grid_rotate.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![The default origin point is at the top left, 0 degrees is horizontal and to the right. The rotation point starts from the origin point and goes clockwise.](canvas_grid_rotate.png)
```
